1)IF

Step 1: 	Open UiPath Studio. 
Step 2: 	Create a new process and name it as “If Statement”. 
Step 3: 	Drag a Sequence activity from the Activities panel and drop it in the Designer panel. 
Step 4: 	Name the Sequence activity as “Sequence – ‘Marshmallow Game’”. 
Step 5: 	Right-click on the Sequence activity container and select Annotations from the context menu. 
Step 6: 	Enter the annotation “This code is to ask the user whether he wants a second 
Marshmallow.” 
Step 7: 	Insert an Input Dialog activity within the Sequence activity and name it as “Input Dialog – ‘Question’”. Enter the annotation “Question to User”. 
Step 8: 	In the Input Dialog activity, enter values as shown below: 
 
Title 	Label 
“Question” 	“Do you want to eat your first Marshmallow? Choose among the following options: ” + Environment.NewLine + “1. Now” + 
Environment.NewLine + “2. After 5 minutes” 
 
	Step 9: 	In the Variables panel, create a variable for the above Input Dialog activity as 
shown below: 
 
Name 	Variable type 	Scope 	Default 
UserInput 	String 	Sequence – ‘Marshmallow Game’ 	 
 
Step 10: 	Go to the Properties panel of the Input Dialog activity and insert UserInput in its Output property. 
Step 11: 	Insert an If activity below the Input Dialog activity and name it as “If - To check if the user input is ‘Now’”. Enter annotation: “This activity judges the User Input whether it is "Now", "After 5 minutes" or "Invalid"”. 
Step 12: 	In the condition input area of If activity, enter the expression: UserInput = “Now”. 
Step 13: 	Insert a Message Box activity in the Then section of the If activity and name it as “Message Box - Failed”. Enter annotation: “Prints Fail message”. 
Step 14: 	In the Message Box activity, enter the text “Oops! You will not get the second 
Marshmallow.” 

Step 15: 	Insert a second If activity, name it as “If - To check User input is 'After 5 minutes'”, add an annotation “Check whether the input contains ‘After 5 minutes’ or Invalid input” within the Else section of the first If activity. 
Step 16: 	In the condition input area of second If activity, enter the expression: 
UserInput = “After 5 minutes”. 
Step 17: 	Insert a Message Box activity in the Then section of the second If activity and name it as “Message Box - Success”. Add an annotation: “Prints Success message”. 
Step 18: 	In the Message Box activity, enter the text “Congrats! You will get the second 
Marshmallow.” 
Step 19: 	Insert another Message Box activity in the Else section of the second If activity and name it as “Message Box – Invalid Input”. Add an annotation: 
“Prints Invalid Input message”. 
Step 20: 	In the Message Box activity, enter the text “Invalid Input” 
Step 21: 
 	Save and run the workflow. 


2)Switch

Step 1: Open UiPath Studio. 
Step 2: Create a new process and name it as “Switch Activity” 
Step 3: Drag a Sequence activity from the Activities panel and drop it in the Designer panel. 
Step 4: Name the Sequence activity as “Sequence – ‘Create a Robot that asks user their eye color’” 
Step 5: Right-click on the Sequence activity container and select Annotations from the 
context menu. 
Step 6: Enter the annotation “This block of code is executed using Switch Activity.” 
Step 7: Insert an Input Dialog activity, name it as “Input Dialog – ‘Question’”, Add an 
annotation “Question to User” and enter the values as shown below: 
 
Title 	Label 
“Question” 	“Enter the color of your eye:” 
 
Step 8: 	In the Variables panel, create a variable for the above Input Dialog activity as 
shown below: 
 
Name 	Variable type 	Scope 	Default 
EyeColor 	String 	Sequence – ‘Create a Robot that asks user their eye color’ 	 
 
Step 9: 	Go to the Properties panel of the Input Dialog activity and insert EyeColor in its Output property. 
Step 10: 	Drag and drop a Switch activity below the Input Dialog activity, name it as “Switch - Eye Color” and Add an annotation “Switch activity compares input with four different cases – Blue, Green, Gray, and Black.” 
Step 11: 	In the Properties panel of the Switch activity ensure that the TypeArgument property is String. 
Step 12: 	In the Expression text area of the Switch activity, enter the variable EyeColor. 
Step 13: 	In the Default section of the Switch activity, insert a Message Box activity and name it as “Message Box - Default”. Add an annotation: “Prints default message”  
Step 14: 	In the text area of the Message Box activity, enter the text “Can’t recognize that color!” 
Step 15: 	Add a new case in the Switch activity by clicking ‘Add new case’ option available. Enter “Blue” in the text area of ‘Case value’.  
Step 16: 	In the ‘Case Blue’ section, add a Message Box activity, and name it as “Message Box - Case Blue”. Add an annotation “Prints Case Blue message” and in the text area enter “You must be very Brave!” 
Step 17: 	Add a new case and enter “Green” in the text area of the ‘Case value’.  

Step 18: 	In the ‘Case Green’ section, add a Message Box activity, name it as “Message Box - Case Green”. Add an annotation “Prints Case Green message” and in the text area enter “You must be very Generous!” 
Step 19: 	Add a new case and enter “Gray” in the text area of the ‘Case value’. 
Step 20: 	In the ‘Case Gray’ section, add a Message Box activity, name it as “Message Box - Case Gray”. Add an annotation “Prints Case Gray message” and in the text area enter “You must be very Wise!” 
Step 21: 	Add a new case and enter “Black” in the text area of the ‘Case value’. 
Step 22: 	In the ‘Case Black’ section, add a Message Box activity, and name it as 
“Message Box - Case Black”. Add an annotation “Prints Case Black message”. 
Step 23: 	In the text area, enter “You must be very Bold!” 
Step 24: 
 	Save and Run the project. 


